it is your money safe in the financial
system you came here for the truth today
I want to discuss something that is
constantly on my mind I hear it from
people every single day about how much
money they have made in the stock market
or any other market for that matter and
what they'll tell me is that they have
produced an incredible amount of gains
in a particular period of time and they
say I made money what I need to talk
about today is that I look at it from a
different angle
in fact I usually do that anyway I'm a
contrary and against other contrarians
when I think about making games I always
think about the end user the end the
person at the end of this what does it
give them when you give your money to
Apple let's say and you buy shares many
people think that they own let's say one
share of Apple they are now part owner
in the company and they are growing with
that company so example is one dollar
today it's two dollars tomorrow they've
double their money they've done great my
suggestion to everyone is to think about
it a little different you haven't really
doubled your money your shares have
doubled in the event you sell that's
when you've made money now of course if
that stock is giving you a dividend
you're getting regular payouts that's a
different story
but if I put one dollar into Apple and
they are giving me ten cents back every
quarter I'm not getting my money back
for a long period of time so essentially
what I've done is loaned money to this
corporation and in the end I'm hoping
that there will be appreciation maybe
they'll be given
names and then I'll be able to take out
my money and I will be able to purchase
whatever I need that's the way I think
about it I hope you understand where I'm
going with that
many people make gains in the stock
market or other assets there is a lot of
money to be made in fact people do that
every single day there is traders who do
so and there's people who go for longer
term investments I'm not denying that
that's totally a fact but I want to just
ask you did you look at it a little
differently
think of it like you don't have that
money anymore
and we are under the assumption that
your money will be then at a later date
given back to you you're hoping that it
has appreciated from the time you put it
in sometime you pulled it out that's the
way I look at so-called investing so I
hope we're all on the same page many
people don't understand this concept or
don't want to think of that concept they
think of as making money and make it
sell now just hear me out for a moment
here the way that the money GPS strategy
works may include buying any sort of
asset but what's really important to me
is how it affects you as an individual
now think about this you have what we'll
just pick some numbers here we will have
$100,000 all right that's my pension
that's my 401 K or RSP or super maybe
it's my stock investment
maybe it's my other assets okay I have
$100,000 and I am hoping that all of
these will appreciate a later date maybe
that's a pension fund money and
everything else that one on 65 when I
retired I will be able to take that
money and I will have some income coming
in it's a great thing to have right what
I would suggest to everyone is you have
basically put everything off until
you're 65 you have decided that for the
next 20 30 40 whatever how many years it
is
you're wait until that moment and then
you will have your assets basically be
worth anything to you at that moment
because if I held a stock from the time
I was 25 the time I'm 65 even if it
appreciated several times throughout
that moment I'm it doesn't really do me
any good until I'm 65 and I decided
sellers would you agree so this is the
way I think of it yes I can have these
assets that's fine but isn't it better
to have assets that pay you today every
single day and the things that I think
of is for example if I have a garden and
I'm able to plant a pepper plant let's
say okay so I take that one pepper I
take a seed let's say I bought the
pepper at the store I got the seed from
it and now I have 100 seeds there I
could plant on 100 seeds grow 100 plants
each of those plants has multiple fruits
on it those fruits each have 100 seeds
in the mega that plant the time the
plant to see where I'm going with that
these plants basically pay me every day
because I can eat from the crops that I
grow and I don't need to buy food and of
course simplify the example so you see
where I love that so now I have an asset
that's paying me all the time or let's
say reducing my expenses and that's just
one example
think about solar panels a lot of people
don't like solar panels they don't agree
with it whatever there's a different
thing that's one example I just try to
make solar panels with solar panels you
can basically put those up on your roof
they will either go into a battery or be
used at that time when the Sun is out
and you will be able to reduce the
expenses that you pay on electricity
maybe you'll still have to pay in
electricity to go but what if you could
cut it in half what if you would cut it
into 1/3 or even less I mean that would
be great and that's the way I look at I
look at like paying you today
every single day so instead of $100,000
and instead of being you know putting
that 30,000 in stocks 30,000 in this
real estate type investment 30,000 in my
pension fund and so on instead of that
what about $30,000 inside of solar
panels and you know a thousand dollars
on greenhouses and other things that I
need for my backyard to grow crops all
of a sudden things really change I don't
have to wait until I'm 65 I can be 25
and get in that now today and then my
expenses that I incur from the time I
was 25 2016 5 are actually significantly
less throughout that period of time
maybe I would say let's just make up a
number $50,000 so let's say I think if
you don't know between those time frame
all of a sudden I'm looking pretty good
because I didn't have to pay that all
the way up until then now I have a lot
more money that I've saved although all
the way up until 65 and now I have
guaranteed myself those savings as well
instead of I hope that this will
appreciate by the time I need to pull it
out so it does take more effort to do
the money GPS strategy it is much more
effort in fact you have to be smart you
have to be focused you have to be
dedicated but that's who will prevail do
you want to prevail do you want to
succeed I'm not selling you anything on
this I'm telling you a way that you need
to buy into all this garbage that people
are selling you get into what you need
to do for yourself and your family and
that is protecting yourself and your
family getting the things that will make
you self-sufficient that's it whatever
that means to you you got to do it you
got to do that for yourself
all right so that's it for this video I
just want to let you know that YouTube
has done a little thing to me today and
part of me will I just look at my screen
here they've suggested to me that if
you've earned less from as recently
it may be because of some of your videos
having been identified as not suitable
for all advertisers so it actually says
that right on the on my screen here on
YouTube shows me a whole lid and in fact
if I scroll down to the bottom it very
funny
this is so funny in fact I did a video
back on September 3rd 2016 it's called
YouTube censoring media in attempt to
shut down free speech and they block
that one as well
that's what we're talking about here the
media is shutting down independent these
YouTube in fact Google is shutting that
independent media and they're doing so
obviously with attention so I hope that
you will support me by giving me a
thumbs up by subscribing to the YouTube
and by commenting on these videos that's
what you can do for me and I really
appreciate it very much when you do so
so that's all take care until the next
video